Fixed incorrect Parcel CLI link on readme (#172)
DeMoorJasper/parcel-plugin-svelte: readme.md

### Update the package.json

> Update your `package.json` to contain these scripts (for more information on these commands, see: https://parceljs.org/features/cli/):

Reviewer: This plugin is for v1, so should probably be this:

```suggestion
Update your `package.json` to contain these scripts (for more information on these commands, see: https://v1.parceljs.org/cli.html):
```

Author: Oh, I wasn't aware of that. 
I think it's worth to add an indication of that in the readme. Been battling with errors thrown by using v2 for the 30 mins :)
